feat: support haskell versions (#14)
stackbuilders/semantic-release-hackage: README.md

  "plugins": [
    "@semantic-release/commit-analyzer",
    "@semantic-release/release-notes-generator",
    [
      "semantic-release-hackage",
      {
        "cabalFile": "aeson",

>         "packageName": "aeson",

Reviewer: Should we use a more generic name? This could be confusing, people might think that's the name they need to use, wdyt?

        "versionPrefix": "0."
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

## Configuration

| Property        | Description                             | Default                                       | Required |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `cabalFile`     | Cabal file name                         | Plugin will read your root `.cabal` file name | `false`  |
| `packageName`   | Package name in Hackage                 |                                               | `true`   |

> | `versionPrefix` | For supporting Haskell package versions |                                               | `false`  |

Reviewer: Should we add a section to explain the reasoning behind this feature? We can explain the issue with the 4-number version and semantic versioning, show examples to help people understand how it works, etc.

  "plugins": [
    "@semantic-release/commit-analyzer",
    "@semantic-release/release-notes-generator",
    [
      "semantic-release-hackage",
      {
        "cabalFile": "yourcabalfilename",
        "packageName": "yourpackagename",
        "versionPrefix": "0."
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

## Configuration

| Property        | Description                             | Default                                       | Required |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `cabalFile`     | Cabal file name                         | Plugin will read your root `.cabal` file name | `false`  |
| `packageName`   | Package name in Hackage                 |                                               | `true`   |
| `versionPrefix` | For supporting Haskell package versions |                                               | `false`  |

### Why adding a `versionPrefix` configuration?

> Haskell projects use a different way of versioning (A.B.C.D) than semantic versioning, you could think that since this plugin uses semantic-release, you have to move from your preview versioning way but thanks to the `versionPrefix` you could keep the usage of the 4 digits in your version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haskell projects use a different versioning system (A.B.C.D) than [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). You may think that since this is a `semantic-release` plugin, you'll have to move out from that versioning system. But thanks to the `versionPrefix` option, you can keep the 4th digit in your version.
```

This is just an optional feature to enable backward compatibility when starting to use this plugin.

> We strongly recommend moving to semantic-versioning but if you cannot, the string `versionPrefix` can save the day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend moving to semantic versioning to keep things simple and follow a well-known standard. But `versionPrefix` can save the day if changing the versioning system is not an option.
```

> For example, if you have the version number `0.2.0.7` and want to create a new release for a new feature, semantic-release is going to infer the next version as `2.1.0`, you can keep your previous versioning adding the  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have the version number `0.2.0.7` and want to create a new release for a new feature, semantic-release is going to infer the next version as `2.1.0`, you can keep your previous versioning by adding the following to the plugin configuration:  
```

```
"versionPrefix" : "0."
```

> And the plugin will add the `versionPrefix` to the new version, so your final version will be `0.2.1.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin will add the `0.` prefix to the new version, so your final version will be `0.2.1.0`.

```
